hello you guys I'm back after the
disaster that I had was the what was the
name of it I'm sorry I'm so forgetful
the hydro fusion by we dad I need it to
really cleanse and clarify my hair
because that stuff had a lot of sulfates
and everything in it this is my hair wet
with conditioner and today well I kind
of kind of pulled back in a bun because
I have this plastic cap line but oh just
in case you guys were interested in
seeing I need my hair dyed again I
usually use the henna it's time to use
it again but it's fine
I just put it in some twist to kind of
detangle it a little bit to make sure
that it really gets in there and then
I'm just gonna put it back cuz I think I
want to take a nap I'm so lazy just got
off of work and gonna leave this in for
a couple of hours and that's it but in
the meantime oh but I just wanted to
come to you guys and show you this line
right here this is the Carol's Daughter
I want to say it says my nanny and this
is a great hair repair system I have all
three pieces I have the hair mask I have
the sulfate free shampoo and the reason
why I'm shampooing again with this
because prior to yesterday putting the
hydro fusion in my hair I have been
three almost four weeks into the curly
girl method so I was kind of pissed that
I broke my regimen to try that and
getting work out but nevertheless I did
reek lens with this and I added the
conditioner and then I used this and
kind of shingled it through my hair just
to kind of make sure that everything was
all the tangles out because you know
what the method the curly girl method I
prefer not to use a comb at all
so that's been working for me really
really well and I know this since I've
been using these products I'm gonna be
really honest I don't have any shedding
like honestly there's nothing falling
out of my hair
nothing at all so I mean even the
washing and shampooing and twisting two
or three times you know within the month
nothing is coming out nothing at all so
I'm really loving each product I love it
it smells really good I don't know what
that smell is
I guess it's I don't know I help hair
product smell to me that's what I call
it but it's a really good system it's
not as expensive as the Oh Jean which I
was using as a armed care my hair care
regimen but this is great and I've never
since I've been natural had any Carroll
daughter's products and I decided to try
this because my friend had a sample and
she raved about it it's almost like hmm
let me try it and I tried the I went the
cheap route and I tried the conditioner
first which is like eighteen dollars and
then I wasn't backing out this is in the
20s I want to say about twenty-five
twenty-six dollars this is great this
stuff is really great so now because of
this line I'm definitely the Carol's
Daughter fan I've brought additional
things since I brought this but I'll
talk about those on later product
reviews so this is great I love it so
and what I really do like about it
besides the no shedding my hair is
extremely soft when I'm done with it I
mean my hair feels like cotton when I
wash this out maybe it's because of the
length of time that I leave it on but
whatever it is it makes my hair is screw
me soft
sorry guys I'm not wearing any makeup I
don't have anything special to talk
about I just got out the shower kind of
wanted to to go over this really quick
let you guys see my hair in a wet state
I don't know if you can really see my
curl pattern but my front curls are
always really looser than the back so um
I think I'm just gonna do some twist and
leave it in for a couple of days
probably gonna go out this weekend so
just have it prepared for the weekend um
if you have any questions about the
product
I am a fan now of that particular line
if you like it if you want to try it if
you were thinking about trying it go
ahead and invest your money in it
especially if your hair is thinning or
shedding because I really do have fine
hair you can't tell because right now
it's look it looks thick and nappy and
all the good stuff but really if I put
some heat on and impress it it's a
really thin so that's one of the reasons
why I decided to go now too as well so
if you are looking for something to stop
your breakage that would be it I
guarantee you you would be satisfied
until next time guys just say your
comment rate subscribe if you want you
don't have to this is not a career for
me I don't get paid for it so just kind
of wanted to give you guys some advice
before you waste any money or before you
decide to try any product until next
time you have a great day thanks bye